fix : Support area attribute as a fallback for `templatePartTagName` in `CoreTemplatePart`. (#120)
rtCamp/snapwp: .changeset/strong-weeks-punch.md

---
"@snapwp/blocks": minor
"@snapwp/query": minor
"@snapwp/types": minor
---

> fix: Support area attribute as a fallback for templatePartTagName in CoreTemplatePart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: Use `area` attribute as HTML tag fallback in `CoreTemplatePart` block component.
```
